Add Dooya & Brel motor to cover.rflink.markdown (#21510)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/cover.rflink.markdown

The configuration above shows that the `type` property may be omitted. When the ID starts with `newkaku`, the component will make sure that the on and off commands are inverted. When the ID does not start with `newkaku`, the on and off commands are not inverted.

> ## Setting up a Dooya, Zemismart or Brel motor device

Reviewer: I think it is better not to refer to a specific cover model in the title, since this information applies to any NON-RTS shutter.

I suggest you replace the tittle and add the information just before the `## Setting up a KAKU ASUN-650 device` section?

Author: ```suggestion
## Setting up a non-RTS cover
```
Agreed

Configure `automatic_add` for the light domain (yes, the light domain)
```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
light:
  - platform: rflink
    automatic_add: true
```

> When you press the remote buttons, a new light will be available at the `developer-tools → states`.

Reviewer 2: Should we link to the entities dashboard instead (using my link):

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and show your entities.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/entities.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/entities/)

Author: Agree.  Committed change.

Also you can enable rflink logs and look for the device_id, for example: `dooya_v4_654321_0f` or `brelmotor_3b35c7_47`.

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
logger:
  logs:
    rflink: debug
    homeassistant.components.rflink: debug
```

> Configuring device as a cover:

Reviewer: ```
Once the `device_id` is known, the light domain configuration can be removed and configure the device as a cover:
```

Author: ```suggestion
Once the `device_id` is known, the light domain configuration can be removed and configure the device as a cover:
```
Agreed

Reviewer: I can see your comment, but change is not in the PR.
Can you review it?

The configuration above shows that the `type` property may be omitted. When the ID starts with `newkaku`, the component will make sure that the on and off commands are inverted. When the ID does not start with `newkaku`, the on and off commands are not inverted.

## Setting up a non-RTS cover

Configure `automatic_add` for the light domain (yes, the light domain)
```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
light:
  - platform: rflink
    automatic_add: true
```

> When you press the remote buttons, a new light will be available at [![Open your Home Assistant instance and show your entities.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/entities.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/entities/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you press the remote buttons, a new light will show up in {% my entities title="the list of entities" %}.
```

Also you can enable rflink logs and look for the device_id, for example: `dooya_v4_654321_0f` or `brelmotor_3b35c7_47`.

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
logger:
  logs:
    rflink: debug
    homeassistant.components.rflink: debug
```

Once the `device_id` is known, the light domain configuration can be removed and configure the device as a cover:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
cover:
  - platform: rflink
    devices:
      dooya_v4_654321_0f:

>         name: room blinds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        name: "Room blinds"
```
